[Music]
in the seventh month on the 21st of the
month the word of the Lord came by
haggai the prophet speak now to
Zerubbabel
the son of shealtiel governor of judah
and to joshua the son of josedech the
high priest and to the remnant of the
people saying who is left among you who
saw this temple in its former glory and
how do you see it now in comparison with
it is this not in your eyes as nothing
yet now be strong Zara bubble and be
strong Joshua son of jaha's attack the
high priest and be strong all you people
of the land and work for I am with you
according to the word that I covenant it
with you when you came out of Egypt so
my spirit remains a money do not fear
once more it is a little while I will
shake heaven and earth the sea and dry
land and I will shake all nations and
they shall come to the desire of all
nations and I will fill this temple with
glory the silver is mine and the gold is
mine the glory of this latter temple
shall be greater than the former and in
this place
I will give peace on the 24th day of the
ninth month in the second year of Darius
the word of the Lord came by haggai the
prophet thus says the lord of hosts now
asked the priests concerning the law
saying if one carries holy meat in the
fold of his garment and with the edge he
touches bread or stool wine or oil or
any food will it become holy then the
priests answered no if one who is
unclean because of a dead body touches
any of these will it be unclean it shall
be unclean so is this people and so is
this nation before me here says the Lord
and so is every work of their hands and
what they offer there is unclean and now
carefully consider from this day forward
from before stone was laid upon stone in
the temple of the Lord since those days
when one came to a heap of 24 there were
but 10 when one came to the wine VAT to
draw out fifty baths from the press
there were but twenty I struck you with
blight and mildew and hail in all the
labors of your hands yet you did not
turn to me says the Lord consider now
from this day forward from the 24th day
of the ninth month from the day that the
foundation of the Lord's temple was laid
consider it is the seed still in the
barn as yet to the vine the fig tree the
pomegranate and the olive tree have not
yielded fruit but from this day
I will bless you and again the word of
the Lord came to Haggai on the 24th day
of the month speak to Zerubbabel
governor of judah saying i will shake
heaven and earth i will overthrow the
throne of kingdoms I will destroy the
strength of the Gentile kingdoms I will
overthrow the chariots and those who
ride in them the horses and their riders
shall come down every one by the sword
of his brother in that day I will take
use of robbing my servant the son of
shealtiel and will make you like a
signet ring for i have chosen